com/example/alura/AluraApplication.java
 com.example.alura.AluraApplication
com/example/alura/config/validation/ErroFormularioDto.java
 com.example.alura.config.validation.ErroFormularioDto
com/example/alura/controller/dto/DetalhesTopicoDTO.java
 com.example.alura.controller.dto.DetalhesTopicoDTO
com/example/alura/controller/dto/TopicoDTO.java
 com.example.alura.controller.dto.TopicoDTO
com/example/alura/repository/CursoRepository.java
 com.example.alura.repository.CursoRepository
com/example/alura/form/AtualizacaoTopicoForm.java
 com.example.alura.form.AtualizacaoTopicoForm
com/example/alura/modelo/Resposta.java
 com.example.alura.modelo.Resposta
com/example/alura/repository/TopicoRepository.java
 com.example.alura.repository.TopicoRepository
com/example/alura/config/validation/ErroValidacaoHandler.java
 com.example.alura.config.validation.ErroValidacaoHandler
com/example/alura/controller/dto/RespostaDto.java
 com.example.alura.controller.dto.RespostaDto
com/example/alura/config/security/AuthService.java
 com.example.alura.config.security.AuthService
com/example/alura/modelo/Topico.java
 com.example.alura.modelo.Topico
com/example/alura/modelo/StatusTopico.java
 com.example.alura.modelo.StatusTopico
com/example/alura/controller/TopicController.java
 com.example.alura.controller.TopicController
com/example/alura/config/security/DevSecurityConfiguration.java
 com.example.alura.config.security.DevSecurityConfiguration
com/example/alura/controller/LoginForm.java
 com.example.alura.controller.LoginForm
com/example/alura/modelo/Perfil.java
 com.example.alura.modelo.Perfil
com/example/alura/form/TopicoForm.java
 com.example.alura.form.TopicoForm
com/example/alura/modelo/Usuario.java
 com.example.alura.modelo.Usuario
com/example/alura/controller/HelloWorldController.java
 com.example.alura.controller.HelloWorldController
com/example/alura/controller/dto/TokenDTO.java
 com.example.alura.controller.dto.TokenDTO
com/example/alura/config/security/TokenService.java
 com.example.alura.config.security.TokenService
com/example/alura/config/swagger/SwaggerConfiguration.java
 com.example.alura.config.swagger.SwaggerConfiguration
com/example/alura/modelo/Curso.java
 com.example.alura.modelo.Curso
com/example/alura/repository/UsuarioRepository.java
 com.example.alura.repository.UsuarioRepository
com/example/alura/config/security/AuthenticationByTokenFilter.java
 com.example.alura.config.security.AuthenticationByTokenFilter
com/example/alura/config/security/SecurityConfiguration.java
 com.example.alura.config.security.SecurityConfiguration
com/example/alura/controller/AuthController.java
 com.example.alura.controller.AuthController
